# Life ain't so great
Yeah, there'll be dots in the mud
# And life ain't Hollywood
for any one of us
# If ever you're in doubt,
just get your wings out
# It's alright, darling,
get your wriggle on
# Somewhere else. #
Heavenly Father,
thank you for saving us
by the blood of the Lamb,
your Son, Jesus Christ.
Without you,
we are nothing but sinners.
Thank you for unity.
Yes, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
My mum was gonna name me Alyssa,
which means 'sweet angel' in Indian,
but when I come out, she looked at me
and she called me Tracey.
Tracey.
I mean, it sounds like
I eat bacon sarnies
or have sex at the back of the bus.
I don't eat pork, man,
and I don't even want to have sex
with my boyfriend in a bedroom.
Excuse me, I'm...
..I am trying to pray
with my life partner, so...
..for keeping Tracey and I united
in six years of courtship.
For preserving our virginity
thus far...
Mm. Yes, Lord.
(MOANS)
Yes, Lord.
(PANTS) Oh, Ron!
Oh, no...
Yeah.
Oh, wow!
(BOTH SPEAK INDISTINCTLY)
(MOANS)
God!
..for preserving our virginity
thus far.
Your Word says
a whore is a deep ditch
and a strange woman
is a narrow pit...
(MOANS)
..to stay virginal till marriage.
And we will wait until we die
if it brings you glory.
Amen.
Amen!
Tracey?
(BOTH MOAN)
Amen.
(CHUCKLES)
(YAWNS LOUDLY)
Tired already.
No, it's only gone 12:00.
Probably gonna...have a nap now.
You always nap when I'm here.
Yeah. I told you, it's 'cause
of my, um...my, uh...
Your anaemia, yeah.
Mm.
I just really like, um,
spending time with you.
Hey. Chin up.
(CHUCKLES)
Where's the chin?
Here's the chin.
There's the chin.
There it is.
Good.
Don't be desperate.
No, don't be desperate. Sorry.
Yeah. (CHUCKLES)
Sometimes, he just lets me stay
and watch him sleep.
I could never let him do that,
'cause when I sleep I get wet dreams.
I'll just be having
a normal KIND OF sexy dream.
(MUMBLES) Oh, Jay Z, don't you dare!
It gets too intense, and then...
..I squirt blood, out my nostrils.
Fuck you! Fuck your mums!
Man's soul is void,
like the universe got...
Oh!
What is he doing?
The universe got...
I'm sorry - who are you talking to?
Wow.
Nah, I'm, uh...
(PHONE RINGS)
I'm writing my poetry!
What the fuck, man?
Listen. Delete me
from your contacts.
Delete me from your conta...!
Mum!
You've got a shift
in the shop, yeah?
Yeah. Uh, yeah, yeah. Later.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've seen you - with the hat.
You sort of look like a maid.
Like a...a modern,
liberated slave sort of thing.
Nah. That doesn't...
Oh. Um...
When you wear the hat...
I like... You're not my maid.
You're not a maid.
I like you.
(LAUGHS)
I like the shop hat.
Ugh.
Uh, wh-wh-what are you doing?
Letting you in.
Oh.
Coo...cool. Excuse me.
I'll get that.
(RUNS AWAY)
Are you hearing me?
Listen, mate.
You're definitely missing my party
to break your hymen.
It's just dinner with Ronald.
You have a party every week.
I ain't even upset. I'm proud.
It's time!
Candice, I'm 24, I'm a virgin, yes.
That doesn't mean I have to want
to have sex with my boyfriend, yeah?
You don't have to.
You can bang someone
on Tinder - it's free!
Set the thing to find someone
in your borough, and walk.
A Tinder bang
ain't even a bus fare, bruv!
Candice is, like, the buffest girl
I've ever seen
on the whole of my estate.
But she's got learning difficulties,
so it sort of balances it out.
So, like, I can be best friends with
her, and I ain't jealous or anything.
You know, if you leave it too long,
you'll tear when he enters you -
you'll need stitches.
Yeah, well, thank God
for the NHS, then, innit?
Babe, let me give you a makeover.
You won't get the D
looking like that.
Candice, I don't want the D!
Or one of your makeovers.
Alright, as long as
you ain't lying to yourself.
Sex is overrated anyway.
Yeah, it's good when it's good,
but it's never...exciting.
Like, it's never a thrill.
Is it, um...Aaron?
He's very... You know,
he's...he's very...
(MOANS)
I love you.
I love you too.
You are an emblem of the sun.
Emblem of the sun. Yeah, I know.
You're my feeling
of conscious presence.
I want him to have a firmer hand.
'Course, man.
I want him to hold me down.
He's gotta be there for you, man.
With his hands. Like, tighter.
Strangle me, like, bear tight,
until I almost die,
but I don't - I just...
I just do a big come.
You know?
Fuck Fifty Shades Of Grey -
that's some vanilla shit!
I'm talking raw BDSM -
bondage, discipline,
wanking, spanking...
Oh, yeah. I feel uncomfortable, so...
Trace.
No.
(SNORTS)
What are you doing?
This is my room, sis.
Thought you might want a shot
at taking the title.
Oh.
Where's Mum?
Evangelising at the community hall.
My dear, your vagina is holy.
I will command Satan
to leave your nether regions today.
Fire! Hallelujah! Begone!
Apparently, there's
a hedonism-inspired plot
for a party tonight.
Here, on the estate.
No, I think it's just Candice.
The devil will be
prowling round her flat
like a lion on a low-carb diet,
so probably better that
we stay here till tomorrow.
Yeah.
Cynthia?
Mm?
What do you want, uh, from life?
Nothing.
I mean, nothing else - just this.
No, come on.
I mean, like, 20 years' time.
You know, you married? You got kids?
Like, something? Something else?
I see...the three of us at the table
like every other day,
except we're really old.
Oh, and Mum is, like...
..really, REALLY old.
Oh, is she?
There's a bunch of bloody tissues
near your bed.
(WHISPERS)
Do you want my period pad?
I don't mind sharing.
Oh!
Oh, Jay Z.
I'm definitely gonna bang Ronald.
Tonight.
CANDICE: Ronald is gonna bang you
before starters.
Just remember all the shit
I told you, and you'll be fine.
I don't know why I lie to myself.
I want it. I want it.
Alright.
I think I'm done.
I thought she was your friend.
She is. Nan!
OK, just let me see, let me see,
let me see, let me see!
I love it.
It's like Beyonce.
Is it?
Oh, my God.
I'm nervous.
Start with the right levels
of eye contact...
Mm-hm.
..and the rest'll be easy.
Yeah.
It's the difference between this...
..and this.
Wow.
It's the 'come to bed' face.
Right.
Neutral face.
'Come to bed' face.
Uh... OK. A little bit less.
I feel sick.
OK. OK.
Um, you remember how to go in
for the kiss, yeah?
Mm-hm.
No! No, Tracey.
Keep it light! Keep it light, man!
You've gotta make him think
that he's in control.
Yeah.
And when he gives in to you,
just sit on his face.
Uh...what?
Just sit on his face.
Just perch on it, love.
Sit your bare pussy on his face.
If he don't open his mouth,
just hold his nose.
Like in the first aid.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh, Tracey!
Come on, be confident.
You're like fine wine.
What's between your legs has been
fermenting there for 24 years!
You're an asset.
Oh, thank you, Esther.
(CHUCKLES)
That means a lot, you know.
Oh! I feel a bit like...
..like Oprah.
(SIGHS)
Candice, if you want Aaron to hurt
you, you just need to make him angry.
Oh, I don't know about...
Have you tried laughing at him?
Ronald always gets angry
when I laugh at him.
Alright, I'll think about it.
Yeah.
Thanks, babe. I love you!
Look, I throb so hard
it's like my vagina's got epilepsy,
so I really appreciate this.
Yeah, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
And remember, if all else fails
get your tits out!
(SIGHS)
You good?
Yeah. Yep.
Where's your hat?
It's... It's, um...in my house.
OK.
Oh, fuck. Are...are you alright?
Your nose is bleeding.
(LAUGHS) No, it's not, you idiot!
(LAUGHS)
Hi.
(CHUCKLES FLIRTATIOUSLY)
Mm-mmm.
Oh.
(CHUCKLES)
Mmm.
Ooh! (CHUCKLES)
(CHOPSTICK CLATTERS)
Ron...
..I've gotta go toilet,
but I'm scared that you're gonna try
and watch me walk as I leave.
It's the least of your worries.
Ron, you are terrible.
I'm going...
(HEEL SNAPS)
Ooh!
Aagh!
Oh! Sorry! Oh! Sorry!
Oh! Oh!
God! What are you doing?!
Shh-shh. Please, please, please...
I like your...
Um, can I get the, uh...bill?
Thank you.
Oh, shit, this feels good!
(MOANS)
Pull it.
What?
Nothing.
Oh, I love you.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Dig your nails into my bum.
What?
Nothing.
Go on, slap it.
(MOANS) Oh, yeah.
(MOANS) Mmm.
(LAUGHS)
Mmm!
Something wrong?
Nah. It's cute, babe.
You make sex moans like a girl.
(CHUCKLES)
What?!
You look...different.
I...I had a makeover.
You're fine the way you are.
Really?
How...how d'you mean?
Now you look worse.
I think about you a lot,
you know, Ron.
Like, sometimes I'm like, "Ugh! what
can I do to get Ronald off my mind?"
You could study.
You could get a qualification.
Y...yeah.
Sign up for Bible study.
Actually, you'd be
better off enrolling
in Soldier of Christ Boot Camp.
It's designed for people
who struggle with literacy.
It's got your name all over it.
Ron...you are like a brick wall.
If by brick you mean impenetrable
like Jesus, the epic superhero
of salvation, then...yeah.
(SIGHS) Where is that prayer guide?
Dunno.
The man who wrote it
is doing this amazing retreat.
It's all about
really listening to Jesus.
It's a bit pricey,
but they do have discounts
for, you know, the poor.
Yeah.
Oh, no, we're...we're Christian.
We're gonna get married anyway,
so you might as well
just show me now,
just show me that you want me, OK?
Just rub your private parts
on my private parts, OK?
Nobody has to know.
God won't even care, OK?
It's just a little thing, OK?
I'm gonna give you
one tiny little kiss.
If we could just have
one little kiss.
I'm coming towards you, OK?
I just want one kiss, OK? Please?
Ow, man!
(SOBS)
I'm sorry!
This thing that you want,
I don't want it.
I would never want
to do that to you...
Don't make me sound
like no paedophile.
It's not disgusting - it's normal.
What, it's normal
to get a rope, or a belt...
Tie up, spank, whip,
suffocate, scratch -
all of that shit, yeah.
Aaron, why you going apeshit for?
The violence
is not without my consent.
I don't think we're gonna come
to an agreement on this, babe.
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
WOMAN: Party, party!
Candice, open up!
Come on, man!
Oh, shit!
Oh, God! The party's started!
(SOBS)
What's happened to you?
Who ARE you?
Oh, I know it's bad.
Yesterday you were normal.
Today you're Barbie -
if Barbie rolled around in the mud
and turned into a Negro.
Oh... I know, OK?
I'm just...I'm just scared, Ron.
Yeah? We've been going out
since I was 17
and we haven't done anything.
I don't think it's normal.
I haven't kissed you, I haven't
held you, I haven't sat on your face.
Why would you sit on my face?!
I'm...I'm not sure.
Mate!
I can practically smell the sin
oozing out of you!
Yeah, it's probably my perfume.
There I was, trying
to raise you out of poverty!
Boy, was I wrong!
W...where you going?
To have you arrested
for sexual assault!
Nah. Nah, nah, nah.
It...it was Esther! It was Esther!
I didn't know that's what it was!
(CHUCKLES) To think I was actually
going to take you as a wife!
Oh, for my foolishness,
God strike me down now!
(TYRES SCREECH)
Oh!
(CAR DRIVES AWAY)
Ron? Ron, are you OK?
Ron, can you hear me?
(BREATHES UNSTEADILY)
What have you done?
You're poison.
Get your nasty hands away from me.
Stay away.
OK.
Where are you going?
Get back here now!
Yeah, can I have ambulance, please,
to, uh, Knowlson Street?
Go away!
Yeah, near the police station.
Someone got knocked down by a car.
Come back!
No. No.
I thought I knew him, but he's...he's
definitely not who I thought he was.
Get back here!
Oh, yeah,
he's definitely still alive.
Thanks.
(LAUGHS)
Oh! Oh! You're here. They're here!
Right, listen -
man's soul is void,
like the universe got boy'd.
Hold up - my heart's destroyed.
See? It's some heavy stuff.
It's just rubbish.
Not ready. They ain't ready.
(SIGHS)
You're back where you belong.
Let's grow old
and play ludo forever.
Let me breathe!
An asthma attack?
Let's stay here and pray...
Where are you going?
No, it's not safe out there!
The devil is prowling!
(DOOR CLOSES)
He's prowling!
(ELECTRONIC DANCE MUSIC PLAYS)
(CHATTER, LAUGHTER)
AARON: You alright?
Cand said you were trying
for the big one.
No, I don't...I don't want to talk.
I just...
Aaron, he threw me out.
He was so disgusted by me
he threw me outta the house.
He fucking what?
Look, I know
sexual harassment is illegal,
but it came from my heart.
He makes me feel like a freak
for expressing myself,
or like what I want to do
is so wrong.
Yeah, but obviously, if it's,
like, violent, painful stuff...
No. I don't care if I'm asking you
to slap me round the face.
You should be open.
I express what I want,
and he goes apeshit?
He obviously don't love me.
I DO love her. 'Course I do.
With all my heart.
I've... Oh, man.
W...where you going?
What the fuck, man?!
What? I'm trying!
I want to try anything that makes
you happy, man. Why ya vexed?
This is for when I'm wet, Aaron!
(WHISPERS) When I'm wet!
Oh... Oh, right.
I was just so geared up.
(TUTS) Oh, baby, come here, man.
Slow steps, yeah?
We'll start off with just a scratch.
Yeah. I like that.
Do you want to take it
a little deeper? In the bedroom?
Come here, man.
(CHUCKLES)
(CHATTER, LAUGHTER)
Please protect me as I step
into this flat, sublet by Satan.
Give me the power to save Tracey
from his worshippers.
Amen.
Sorry. I thought it was empty.
Uh, sorry.
I'm Connor. You look nice.
Sit down, if you want.
You alright?
Yeah. Um...like, I don't know.
My boyfriend broke up with me,
and...and then he died.
But I saw an ambulance on the way,
so he's probably not dead.
I just...um...
Oh, my God!
I'm gonna take this off.
OK. Yep. You're taking it off.
Oh. Are you alright?
Oh, yeah. No, no. It's fine.
It's 'cause I really like you.
Oh.
I get nosebleeds.
It's fine. Yeah, I'll just...
Yeah?
Yeah, yeah. Get it off. Get it off.
Yeah. Ah!
There it is.
OK. OK.
Oh!
OK.
Yes.
Oh.
More of that, please.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Ah.
Shake 'em.
Ah. Ah...
Oh, my God. That feels nice.
Ah!
Oh. That's great.
(JA RULE'S 'PUT IT ON ME' PLAYS)
# Where would I be without my baby
# The thought alone might break me
# And I don't wanna go crazy
# But every thug needs a lady
# Girl, it feel like you and I
been mounrin' together
# Inseparable,
we chose pain over pleasure
# For that you'll forever be
a part of... #
Oh, Connor!
Oh! Man's soul is void!
Like the universe got boy'd.
Yeah, got boy'd. Got boy'd!
Ohh... Wait. Wait.
Huh? What?
Agh!
(MOANS)
(GIGGLES)
Gah!
Oh, God! Mm!
Agh!
Oh, it's br...it's brilliant!
(MOANS)
Agh! Agh!
I'm sorry. I just...
I always wanted to do that.
Yeah? Ugh!
(LAUGHS) Oh, sh...
Ow. Ooh.
Yeah! Huh!
OK. Almost there.
Huh!
Done.
I don't remember if I was supposed
to wear clothes for this bit or not.
(SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY)
"Sit your bare pussy on..."
Yeah. It's...it's too late.
(MUFFLED) What are you doing?
I don't know. (CHUCKLES)
I...I don't know. (LAUGHS)
(SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY)
# Where would I be without you?
# I only think about you
# I know you're tired
of being lonely
# So, baby girl, put it on me
# Where would I be without you... #
(GIGGLES)
Did...did you hear that?
(MUFFLED) No.
Ugh!
Did you like that?
Er, nah. Not really.
Yeah...
Yeah, me neither.
Come here.
My face is not to be sat on.
Captions by Red Bee Media
Copyright Australian
Broadcasting Corporation